// Scene 1: Brightest Night Celebration
EXT. Atonement District. Late Autumn, Late Afternoon / Early Dusk
The town is mideval-victorian in style, each house unique, most of them a bit run down.
Bright autumn trees grow inbetween houses from the surrounding forest, all the way to the town square at the center.
A consistant cold breeze sends fallen leaves tumbling down the cobbled streets and allys.
The light is a mix of the warm orange light from the setting sun, and the bright white emitted from an enormous glowing object in the sky just peeking over the horizon.
In the street, two boys are walking side by side.
The boys have a clear family resemblence with dark hair, thoughtful eyes, and angular features.
But while the younger boy (Atlas 14) already has a strong athletic look to him, the older (Zenon 16) is smaller, thinner, even sickly by comparison.
Atlas carried a large wooden barrel, while Zenon carried a few food items in a basket.
They cross into the town square.
The town square is a huge open space with a large clock tower at the center.
Many many long tables have been set up, and are being filled with food and drink.
Atlas sets the barrel down with a hundred others just like it, and Zenon carries his basket to one of the tables.
Hundreds of people are already gathered, and more are arriving.
Rose: (off screen) Zenon! Atlas!
Zenon looks to see a small, wiry, redheaded girl (Rose 12) smiling, running towards them.
Behind her a lanky older girl (Chloe 16) is strolling, and nods in their direction.
Zenon: (smiling) Rosie!
Rosie: (hugs Zenon) then starts chattering, excitedly gesturing around
Zenon: (listening intently)
Atlas: (smiles) Chloe
Chloe: (Turning to walk besides Atlas) Hey
Atlas: Are we going to your house after the celebration?
Chloe: (shrugs) if you guys want to, Rosie wanted to sit on your roof again though
Rosie: (lights up) Yes please, the roof is the best place to see the view!
Zenon: (shares a worried look with Atlas) Lets do Rosies roof, it is pretty much the same as ours
Rosie: Dad already made cider, h-
The crowd starts to boo and jeer, and loud clanking sounds can be heard.
Chloe: (sneers) The GRAND knight
Rosie: (sighs)
A man is a huge suit of armor has left the clock tower and is walking through the square.
On his back is a large circular shield, and on his hip is a long broadsword.
Each slow lurching step in the armor appears to be a struggle, and makes a sound like a ratchet being turned, before the foot strikes the cobbles with a clang.
Unknown: (off screen) Coward!
Unknown: (off screen) Witch dog!
Someone throws a pastry at the knight, and it sticks to the fine armor before sliding off.
More food is thrown, along with a few rocks and a chair, but no one gets within arms reach.
The knight doesn't react, but continues his laborious march out of town.
Slowly the crowd quiets, and the only sound is the knights footfalls.
When he steps past the edge of the square, the crown erupts in cheers and applause.
People start moving towards tables and barrels, and the square is filled with the sounds of laughter and conversation.
// Not sure about this conversation, feels a bit expositiony
Atlas: (somberly) I don't really get it, its not like he could protect us anyways, he can barely walk.
Zenon: (nods)
Atlas: (laughing) Theres just no way he can fight, hell, Rosie could probably take him!
Rosie: Dad says the armor is clockwork, and he just never turns it on for some reason. 
Chloe: (scoffs) No it isn't, armor like that is just way to valuable
Atlas: (Nods agreement)
Rosie: (defensive) You can hear it winding up when he walks! Right Zenon?
Zenon: Maybe, but there is no way to know for sure.

/*
	Notes so far: my pacing is WAY to fast, dialogue is clunky and contrived, the actual early events are boring.
*/

INT. Rosies House. Late Autumn, Early Night
// First interaction with Rosies Dad

EXT. Rosies Roof. Late Autumn, Night
The four kids are sitting side by side on a roof looking up at the sky.
Like a moon so large it nearly fills the entire sky, a great glowing city is floating in the atmosephere. 
If you look close enough you can barely see faint lines like roadways, and shapes like towers and buildings.
The light from the city is so bright that it fully illuminates the night.
The city is slowly rotating, and showing more of the bright side by the minute.
For a long moment, they just watch, mesmerized by the sight.
The first sliver of the dark side begins to show again.
Rosie: (softly) I hope none of us are chosen this time
Zenon: (smiles comfortingly) I'm sure we won't be Rosie
Chloe: (dead serious) You know, you can NEVER be sure.
Atlas: * throws hands up *(agitated) read the f-ing room Chloe
Chloe: (in a demeaning tone) Mr. A. says, ~scientifically~ we are all lucky to have made it past the age of 12
Rosie: * hangs head *(dejected)(under her breath) im twelve
Atlas: * standing * (pissed) "ScIeNtTfIcAlLy I'm about to push you off the roof"
Chloe: * jumps up * "You f-ing won't"
Zenon: (harsh) "Atlas".
Atlas: * makes a frusterated expression at Zenon but backs down *
Chloe: (flustered) * remains standing *
Zenon: * standing * "I know we are all nervous, but lets try to get some sleep."
Zenon: * helps rosie up * "We will wake up fine in the morning. just like always"

EXT. Just outside the barrier. Beginning of Darkest Night
Flakes of snow are beginning to fall.
The knight reaches the top of a hill overlooking the town.
With a sigh he drops his shield and sword, reclines against a tree, and removes his helmet.

TOWN
Slow unnerving shots show that everything is silent and still except for the snow.
A shot focuses on the bell in the bell towner in the town square.
A shot down a street shows the buildings are all dark, except a tavern with firelight flickering out the windows.

INSIDE THE TAVERN
The bar is about full of intoxicated, yet somber people.
A crackling fire burns in a large fireplace, and is the only source of light.
The sudden sound of a bell ringing causes people to flinch.
A man drinking from a whisky glass alternates to his cigar and turns on his stool to face the windows.
An uncomfortably long shot over the mans shoulder focuses out the windows onto the empty street.
Suddenly, and in quick succession, several shadows flash past the window

IN THE STREET
The camera follows the shadows as they blitz down streets and allys.
The shadows are those of wolves, and they are very inconsistant.
Sometimes as few as 2, sometimes as many as 10, the shadows blink from wall to wall, 
sometimes seperating down different streets, and rejoining at intersections.
A shadow comes to a jittering stop at a doorway, and the others form up around it.
The shadows assume positions on walls circling all around the doorway.
The shadows start changing from individual wolves into different angles of the same creature.
The camera rotates around an empty point in space a few feet away from the door.
From the silloutettes of the shadows, a large creature takes form.
Cut to a straight on shot behind the creature centered in front of the door.
The hairy creature is shaped like a wolf and a bear, with the posure of a hunched man.
Balancing on thick hind legs, the long arms take awkward supporting positions on the walls.
Using a long clawed finger, the creature slices the lock on the door, and pushes inside.
The creatures face (obscured) is somehow illuminating the dark entry way with a flickering red light.
A woman screams and sobs inside the house, and suddenly, the shadows bolt out the door and back down the street.

(INT) IN ROSIES BEDROOM
Rosies bedroom has flowers painted on the walls, and candles illumitating the space.
Rosie is sitting in bed sobbing, and her dad is sitting on the edge of the bed, holding her.

(INT) IN ZENONS AND ATLAS' BEDROOM
The boys bedroom is dark, and there is barely enough light to see.
Camera focuses on Zenon, who is laying in bed with his eyes open.
Screaming and weeping can be heard outside.
A loud sound makes Zenon flinch
Fade cut. Light is now streaming in through the window, and Zenon wakes up.
Zenon sits up blinking
Zenon is shirtless, and you can see he is extremely thin, with a few scars on his chest.

OUTSIDE THE DISTRICT
The knight stands up from under the tree, and puts his helmet back on.
A wide shot shows the town is covered in a blanket of snow
The knight starts walking back towards the town

BACK IN ZENONS ROOM
Zenon looks over at Atlas' bed , and sees it is empty.
He jumps up, and runs to the door

IN THE HALL
Zenon opens the door and runs into Atlas walking towards their room.
Atlas: oh, I was coming to wake you up. are you coming?
Zenon: (confused, releived) what?
Atlas: (assuming this to be obvious) to the square?
Zenon: (somber) oh, right
Atlas: its best to go. the mayor also has something to say afterwards
The boys turn, and walk towards the door side by side

IN THE STREET OUSIDE THE BOYS HOUSE
The boys are joined by a tired looking Chloe.
Zenon: Is Rosie coming?
Atlas: * looks at Chloe *
Chloe: * exhales * Probably not, she hates atonement day
Zenon: * nods * I assumed she wouldn't
Chloe: (almost sincere) I assumed YOU wouldn't
Zenon: * stiffens slightly * you know it doesn't bother me so much anymore
Chloe: * smiles faintly, and shrugs *
They walk in silence until they reach the town square

IN THE TOWN SQUARE
The square is filled with people. Maybe half what was there during the celebration.
All the tables are gone, but the barrels are still around.
Beneath a beam extending from the tower, 16 of these are lined up in a row, each with a person standing on top.
Some men, some women, and even a couple children, all with ropes around their necks, fastened to the beam above.
Although most of them show signs of having cried recently, they are all silent now, standing with heads held high.
The mayor walks out of the crowd, and stands before the people.
The mayor is a big man, with broad shoulders, and a booming voice.
Mayor: (loudly) * gesturing towards the poeople on barrels * These are those who were chosen last night.
Mayor: By no weakness were they chosen. The strong have chosen to atone this day, and not some other.
One by one, the mayor walks down the line, kicking the barrels out from under each person.
Not one of them makes a sound as they fall.
Mayor: (In a shout) By their sacrifice, we're saved again from Darkest Night.
The crowd: (in unison) By their sacrifice, we're saved again from Darkest Night.
There is a moment of silence
Mayor: (much less formally) For 10 years I've been here, and twice each year I have seen this sight.
Mayor: Friends, family, loved ones, all taken from us. At the hands of WITCHCRAFT!
The last word was shouted, and the sound echoes through the square.
Mayor: (pacing) I can remember the times when we still BURNED WITCHES here in Dunamis!
Mayor: Is this not still Dunamis? Are we not Dunamites?
The crowd goes quiet except a few spatterings of applause.
People look around uneasily.
Mayor: Slicks his hair back, and straightens his coat
Mayor: (calmer) You are probably wondering why I feel so bold today.
Mayor: (barely containing a grin) I want to introduce you all to some new friends of ours.
Mayor: They came in with the newcomers just this morning
The mayor gestures towards the crowd, and two men step forward.
Both young, handsome, finely dressed, they have the air of utter confidence.
Both men are taller than the mayor, though slighter, one cleanly shaven with gold hair (Eryx), and the other with a well groomed beard and dark hair (Kyros).
Mayor: ALCHEMISTS straight from the underground academy!
The crowd erupts in noise
Chloe perks up noticeably
The gold haired Alchemist raises a hand, and the crowd quiets
Gold Alchemist: It is safe to say, we have a vested interest in your... situation here * smiles *
The crowd murmors
Gold Alchemist: We were sent here to die, the same as you, but me and my friend still have other ideas
Gold Alchemist:(slowly) Your mayor has informed us of a third alchemist, here already, and with his help... * nods head to the mayor *
Mayor: We have sactified a purger to destroy this unholy fiend that plagues us
The crowd erupts in cheers and applause
Eryx smiles and bows with a flourish, while Kyros stands regally with his arms crossed
Atlas: (smiling, laughing) You would think they defeated the beast already
Zenon and Chloe both look excited
The mayor quiets the crowd
Mayor: (loudly) We have six months before the beast returns, and we will be ready
Mayor: These alchemists will hand pick who they want fighting beside them, so be sure they see your best in the following weeks