In this scene, the purger is having a meal at an inn.
Leon and Edmund have had a rivalry for the past days, and it comes to a head in this scene.
Leon and Edmund are fighting for the attention of a serving girl.

Edmund wants the girl + the ego boost of winning her over.
Leon wants to boost his ego, and outshine Edmund.

INT. TAVERN - NIGHT

The tavern is brightly lit, and filled with people. Leon sits at a table with the other squires and low level purgers. On the far side of the table, Edmund
sits laughing, and drinking. 

	MT
	Look over there, Leon.

MT gestures towards the end of the table.
A beautiful serving girl refills Edmund's drink, and he says something that makes her laugh.

	MT
	He's been sweet talking her the whole night.
	I'd say this is your chance to get back at him, but what do I know

She works her way around the table, and gets to Leon.

	LEON
	Thanks, thats perfect...
	... just like you.

	SERVING GIRL
	(smiles dimly)
	You're too kind

MT flinches, but Leon doesn't notice.
Leon grins, and meets Edmund's hate filled gaze with a shrug.

... Important exposition between different characters ...

The serving girl comes back to the table with plates of food, and when she places Edmund's plate in front of him, he says something.
She turns to him with a smile, and they talk for a few moments.

	LEON
	(to MT)
	Watch this

	MT
	(sighs)
	(loudly with a smile)
	ALL RIGHT THEN, LET'S SETTLE THIS!

MT sets his arm out on the table.

	LEON
	(confused)
	what?

	MT
	(loudly)
	WHAT? YOU SCARED?

	LEON
	a little

Several people, including the girl turn to watch as Leon and MT set up for an arm wrestle.
They begin and after a minute of strain Leon somehow starts winning.
Leon pins MT to the table, and several watchers cheer and clap him on the back.
The serving girl sets down a plate in front of Leon

	SERVING GIRL
	(smiling)
	That was definitely unexpected, you are a LOT stronger then you look.

Leon opens his mouth to say something, but she turns and moves down the table.

*** Back to the important exposition ***

Leons drink is empty, he looks around, but the serving girl is on the far side of the room.
Leon stands up, and starts walking in that direction.
Edmund, who has been watching, stands up and starts walking in the same direction.
Leon doesn't notice
Edmund comes up behind him, and shoves him into the table the girl is serving
Leon slams into the table, and a leg breaks off.
Leon falls to the ground, and the entire contents of the table slide on top of him.
Drinks and food spill everywhere, and the serving girl jumps back shocked.
Leon sputters, stumbling to his feet, and leaps for Edmund.
He is grabbed by a bouncer

	BOUNCER
	Time to leave

Leon struggles, but the bouncer drags him to a side door.	
Another man is dragging Edmund to the door.

The boys are thrown out into the deep mud in the allyway, and the door slams shut behind them.

Leon growls, lunging for Edmund, but Edmund dodges, and Leon falls face first into the mud.
Edmund laughs, until Leon grabs his ankle, and pulls him down into the mud with him.
Edmund kicks Leon in the face, but Leon gets a hold on his shirt, and pulls him close enough to start beating his chest and neck.
Edmund yelps, and manages to slide out from under Leon.
They get to their feet and square off.
Edmund jukes left, and Leon falls for it
Edmund gets behind Leon and gets him in a headlock. they fall backwards into the mud.
Leon slams his full weight into Edmund again and again until Edmund loses his grip.
Leon spins, grabs Edmund, and slams him into the wall.
Leon punches at Edmunds face full force, but Edmund ducks, and Leon's fist slams into the bricks.
Leon rages in frustration, and Edmund grabs his legs out from under him.
They fall back into the mud panting for a moment.
Leon turns to get up

The door to the ally opens, and the serving girl dumps out some slop into the mud by the door.

Edmund and Leon scramble out of the mud to face her. They are both horribly muddy, bruised, and bleeding.

	EDMUND
	(bows)
	My lady
	
	TAVERN GIRL
	(smiles faintly)
	I thought you two might want to know, I am betrothed.

She spins on her heal, smiles flirtatiously over her shoulder, and slams the door.
Leon and Edmund stand there in the rain, jaws hanging loose, for a long moment.

	EDMUND
	What. A. WHORE!!
			 (punches wall)

Edmund turns to Leon, incredulous

	LEON
	WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?!

	EDMUND
	BETROTHED?!?! she can't be THAT much older then us?!

Leon shoots a hatefule glare towards the window.

	LEON
	I'll bet shes lying about it.

	EDMUND
	(hysterical)
	WHY?!? Shes got two HEROS trying to win her heart!

Leon shakes his head in confusion

	LEON
	(shrugs)
	Her loss I guess

Edmund kicks the mud

	EDMUND
	(dejected)
	Yeah.
	
Silence for a moment

	LEON
	Are they really not letting us back in?

	EDMUND
	(smirks)
	Let's sneak in the back, worst they can do is throw us back out

	LEON
	(grins)
	They can TRY! Together, we could probably whip that bouncer anyways

	EDMUND
	I must say, you are a lot stronger than you look

	LEON
	Same for you

Together they walk down the allyway