Atlas is Zenons twin brother.
vengeful, arrogant, rash, strong, and determined. Atlas is of average intelligence, but he isn't nearly as smart as Zenon.

Atlas is his Mothers favorite, but Zenon is the most liked within the friend group
Event Timeline

// Season 1
Atlas is born.
Atlas meets the witch, who tells him that he is the chosen one.
Atlas wins his first fight in the ring.
Atlas joins the milita.
The bargest shows respect to Atlas.
Atlas is beaten by the town leadership for association with witchcraft.
Zenon is killed.
Atlas promises Rosie that he will meet her at the orphanage outside the district.
Atlas kills his mother.
Atlas is defeated and has his eye gouged out by Alik.

Character Arch
In season 1, Atlas's character arch is from the chosen one archetype, to the dark lord archetype.

WHERE DOES HE GET THE SWORD?
WHERE DOES HE GET THE WINGS?


Atlas kills Zenon, why?
After Atlas is caught for witchcraft, the alchemists set up a fight between Zenon and Atlas.
Why does atlas go through with it? Jealousy? There is some tension between the two, as Zenon tries to stop Atlas from visiting the witch.


When lydia was pregnate with the boys, there was a prophecy saying her child was powerful, and he would destroy Ralagor and save the dream.
When the boys were born, Zenon was the stronger of the two, and the prophecy was clearly about him.
As they grew up, the temperments became clear, Zenon was kind, thoughtful, and bold, while Atlas was vengeful, brash, and quiet.
** There can be no doubt in the viewers mind, who the prophecy is about. Zenon is the chosen one. **
Atlas always harbored dreams that maybe, just maybe everyone was wrong, and the prophecy was about him.
When the alchemists come to town, they immediately favor Zenon, they recognize something great in him.
Atlas doesn't make the purger, and he feels like his dream is slipping away.
When he happens upon the witch, she tells him that she sees power in him.
In his desperate state Atlas is convinced to grow in his witchcraft, and keeps returning to the witch.
The witch promises Atlas great power if he can kill Zenon.
Atlas laughs at this, and tells her that he would never.
Zenon becomes aware of these visits, and wants to stop them.
Zenon goes to the alchemists for help, and they do help him catch Atlas.
Unfortunately, they try to put Atlas to death, against Zenon's wishes obviously.
Rosie fetches Alik and he saves Atlas' life.
The alchemists tell Zenon that he must kill Atlas because there is a darkness in him, holding Zenons' power back.
Zenon refuses, but the alchemists force a fight nonetheless
Atlas thinks Zenon wants him dead, and so he fights back.
They fight, and becuase of the witchcraft, Atlas wins, killing Zenon.
Zenon's presence was holding back a lot of Ralagor, and with him gone Atlas's power escalates rapidly.
When Atlas gets back to his house, his mother is there, she says some terrible things and Atlas loses control.
The fire kills his mother, and everyone else in the house.