There are three city states
Dunamis (Names are traditionally greek sounding) (Gold/Yellow)
Gallia (Names are traditionally roman) (Red)
Brandburn (Names are traditionally english) (Purple)
The forgotten city (Americana) (Blue)
The final city (White)

The cities are in geographically in the appalachian mountains

Color Pallete
Gold Yellow = Alchemy = Immune Response
Deep Purple = Witchcraft = Infection
Red/Pink = Faith = Dreamer
Blue/Black = Dark Faith = Ralagore

The council of witches and men are the ruling body of the city states,
each city state has a Grand Witch and a Grand Knight

The Grand Witch of Brandburn is
a fire witch as is tradition in brandburn
The Grand Knight of Brandburn is
Aliks father, uses a clockwork suit of armor and sword
The Grand Witch of Gallia is Evve
Evve specializes in living magic, she is known as the queen of moths
The Grand Knight of Gallia is
The head of a hammer pair, paired with his son
The Grand Witch of Dunamis is 
a witch with an affinity for the sea, sister to the witch who holds the atonement district
The Grand Knight of Dunamis is 


 There are 2 low magic systems, Witchcraft and alchemy, although sometimes engineering is seen as a type of alchemy.
 And two high magic systems, Faith and Dark Faith. 
 Witchcraft is a low practice of Dark Faith. 
 The more a witch understands a spell, the weaker it gets.
 Therefore, the practice of witchcraft is purely emotional, casting and charming on whims. 
 Alchemy, a low practice of Faith, on the other hand is an exact science. 
 An alchemist must have a strong understanding to create potions and powders. 
 Faith is the manipulation of the dream through belief, expectation, and memory. 
 The more important a person is to the dreamer, the stronger the effect of their faith.
 All creatures with any amount of soul, practice Faith to some degree, intentionally or not.
 Dark Faith is the manipulation of the dream through disbelief, distraction, and forgetfulness. 
 Once any object is completely forgotten or discarded by the souls in the dream, it becomes a part of the dark dream, and is now at the disposal of Ralagor and the practitioners of dark faith.
 All elements of the dark dream are completely intangible to elements of the dream, except through crimson vessels. 
 Crimson vessels are objects or people with a foot in each dream, a dark object interacting with a crimson vessel can also interact with red objects. 
 For example, a person of the dream can follow a crimson vessel through a forgotten door into a forgotten room of a house.
 Crimson vessels become darker over time, and part of the dark dream eventually. 
 If a crimson vessel is a human or animal, this transition can be seen in the color of their blood.

Because witchcraft is an emotional art, every witch has an affinity which aligns with their temperment
Alchemy is the scientific art of creating magical substances. Eg: powders, potions. 
Alchemy is often paired with engineering to create magical weapons and tools

The crown jewl of technological advancement is the mainspring (name in progress). 
A mainspring allows infinite tension to be stored, and be released to power a clockwork device.
A mainspring also allows for physical and magical properties to be wound up and released alongside the tension.
A high quality clockwork device may be bound to two or more mainsprings, accessed seperately to release the properties wound up inside.
People argue if clockwork devices are of alchemy or witchcraft, but the truth is a closely guarded secret.
A mainspring is created through alchemy, and then removed from the dream by a witch while the bound device is kept in the dream.

Elements in contact with the blade of a clockwork sword while it is being wound up will be wound into the swords mainspring.
When the wound track is spun out, the elements will be released in backwards order of how they were wound in.
The faster the track is spun out, the faster and more intense the released properties will be.

It is common for great knights to wind their swords nightly, and to hold the blade over a flame.
A standard great knight sword has two mainsprings, and knights usually use one for fire, and one for unique properties. Eg: a lightning bolt, smoke, water ect.

The great conflict is between the dreamer and ralagor.
The dreamer is some sort of grand cosmic being, and ralagor is an advanced cosmic parasite.
The dreamer experiences the dream through all the people of the dream.
ralagor experiences the dream through his own self aware consiousness in the forgotten city, the city is fed the experience of all dark dreamers.
The parasites consiousness matches the consiousness of the dreamer, and its thoughts influence the dream.
As the parsite takes over parts of the brain, the corresponding part of the dream becomes forgotten.
The dreamer is not really "sleeping" or "dreaming", but this is the closest analogy to what is happening.
The events in the dream directly affect the dreamer and ralagor in a literal physical sense.

Saying "the dream" isn't quete accurate, as the dream is a real physical thing, but the dreamer is so incomprehensibly complex
that it is easier to think of it as a dream.

The final city is a huge floating city in the sky, on the two brightest nights, the city fills the entire night sky.
The final city is where people of the dream go when they die.
Losing your soul would keep you from going to the final city.

The forgotten city is a city in the dark dream, it serve as a brain that allows ralagor to think

Most of the world has been forgotten, and the edges of land are surrounded by a great ocean.
The 4 cities + the atonement districts made up the entire world

After the ban on alchemy, all creatures of the dark dream are taken care of by purgers
Purgers travel town to town in search of a contract

Brightest nights are when the final city is fully visible in the sky.
Darkest nights are always directly after brightest nights, when the dark side of the final city fills the sky

When something is forgotten, a pool of oil appears in its place.
Crimson vessels have oil in their blood, and thats why it burns so easily.

The world of yellowhead should feel distinctly american,

oil,
coal,
gold,

Incorperating guns...
