Yellowhead 
Season One
*Town Name* is a town for criminals.
People are kept there by a magic spell that prevents them from leaving.
This spell doesn’t apply to the children of the criminals sent there. 
In the center of the town, there is a bell tower, where the grand knight lives. 
The grand knight is a servant of the king and lives there to keep peace between the prisoners.
The prisoners work and live somewhat regular lives, provided they turn in a portion of their crops to the king each year. 
Twice a year, on the solstices a creature called a Bargest comes into the town and curses a member of the town. 
The cursed person will die before the next solstice. 
In the town live the young friends, Atlas, Rosie, Chloe, and Reis.
The boys’ father is not in the town (Dead).
Most of the parents are abusive in some way, Atlas and Chloe want to leave the town, but Rosie and Ries(the younger two) want to stay.
The kids sword fight with sticks, in the woods behind their houses. 
Atlas and Chloe are the best, but brother is quick and is getting better every day.
Rosie isn’t a big fighter. Rosie has nightmares sometimes; she claims that they aren’t dreams though. She swears that they really happen, and that she wakes up with scratches and bruises. Atlas suspects that her mother is responsible for those. One day while exploring, the kids go a bit too far, and realize they have left the bounds of the spell. They are nervous as they had never left before. Atlas and Chloe manage to convince the others to continue. Soon they come across a cottage, scared of what an outsider might do to a convict citizen, they hurry back to town. Atlas is intrigued by the cottage, something about it draws him. In the night, Atlas sneaks out to the cottage, and is again drawn to it. There he meets the grey witch. The grey witch and Atlas form some form of friendship. The witch tells Atlas that he is a grey child, but Atlas doesn’t believe her. Eventually the witch injects him with yellow, a color that nothing grey can withstand. Atlas body rejects the yellow in his blood, and he is nearly ripped apart. Suddenly fire begins to drip from his eyes and spray out the needle hole burning the yellow out of his body. The witch is thrilled with this result, she thinks Atlas may be Ralagors avatar. The people of the convict town are bitter towards the government and hope to overthrow the king someday. The spell cannot last forever, and when it comes down, the people contained will be the strongest the world has ever seen. Underground groups have sprung up where young people fight to the death to earn the right to reproduce. Certain extremist characters are spurring this on, and those who don’t agree are seen as weak or government sympathizers. Atlas Mother, and Rosies father, send rosie and Chloe leaves town alone, and Atlas wants to follow her. On the winter solstice, Atlas goes into the town to kill his mother, and Rosies father. His body is set on fire, and he burns the houses down. The Bargest hunters come and try to stop him, and he kills them all too. Finally, the grand knight comes and fights him. In the fight, the knight cuts atlas’ eye out, but can’t bring himself to kill the child. Instead, the grand knight goes and kills the grey witch, knowing she caused Atlas to become what he has. Rosie and Atlas escape into the forest, Rosie having no idea what Atlas did. The kids eventually end up at the orphanage outside the town.

Wardan lived in a good home, with both of his parents, and his 7 younger siblings. However, he is quite sheltered, and wants to see the world. When the nearby town is saved by a group of monster hunters. He runs away from home and joins them. The band finds a nest of flyers and tries to destroy it. The boy is unsettled by this because he had been taught that flyers were yellow heads. Knocked from the nest fell a flyer girl about his age. Instead of killing her as he had been instructed to, the boy hides her from the other hunters. As time passes, the girl becomes more human, gaining the ability to speak, and her wings begin to become more arm-like. Together they plan to get her back to the nest, but before they can, the hunters successfully destroy the nest, causing the remaining flyers to relocate. Miranda continues to change, soon she can enter the group of humans safely. Eventually they go to the boys home and meet his parents. They get married, and because they cannot have kids, they decide to adopt.

Season Two
Rosie and Atlas are separated and sent to a boys’ home and a girls’ home. Rosie is the only resident of the girls’ home. In the day, there is a kindly old caretaker but at night she goes back to her home. Alone in this place, at night her nightmares come into their own. Creatures from under the bed torment her when she tries to sleep. Miraculously, her teddy bear from Reis comes to life, and begins to protect her at night. Eventually, Rosie is adopted by Miranda and her new husband. The new family decides to bounty hunt monsters. Rosie picks up all manners of new skills. Atlas runs away from the boys’ home, and lives on the street in a nearby city. Atlas gets a pair of wings. ** This is something I still need to figure out **   A dueling knight takes Atlas under his wing and trains him. At some point, the knight duels Atlas to quickly get him to max strength. They train for 10 years before Atlas finally kills him and gets his dueling sword as a new eye. 

Season Three
The forces of red and grey are coming into true conflict. Rosie and Atlas are working together to stop a full out war. But tensions are rising between the two of them, Atlas’ jealousy and Rosies distrust culminate when Rosie finds out what Atlas did to their town. They lead their respective armies to battle. Rosie is leading a group of flyers. Atlas blinds Rosie, and she cuts off his arm. They end up reconciling, and Atlas gives up his quest to stay with her.


// Other

All things grey are called to one another. The grey is a singularity named Ralagor.

There is a type of color theory in the world. Grey is Ralagor’s color. Red is the dreamer’s color, and Yellow is the color of the dream’s immune response. Nothing grey can withstand yellow.

Atlas is burning up. Ambitious, Vindictive, Arrogant, and Rebellious. 
Rosie is the antithesis to Atlas. Content, Forgiving, Humble, and Submissive. 
Atlas thinks Rosie is naïve, and weak, and she is, but Atlas is as well, and he doesn’t know it.
The characters develop as they grow stronger in their own ways.

Several Core characters and places still need names. 
Atlas’s Brother
The Boy
The fallen flyer
The grand knight – Gerald?
The Boy’s parents.
The Grey Witch
Atlas’s Mom
The kingdom
The convict town
Ralagors Mind

Several Core questions haven’t been answered yet.
Who makes the special swords?
What pushes Atlas forward?
Where does the corrupted grand knight come from.
‘s Story.
Is afraid of not being sufficient. 
Miranda’s Story.
Miranda is afraid of losing her humanity.
Atlas’s Story.
Atlas is afraid of being forgotten. This fear is joined by the fear of losing his humanity after season one.
Chloe’s Story.
Rosies Story.
Rosie is afraid of being abandoned.
























[Description] Camera slowly widens. A quiet street, the wind rustles some leaves. It is mid-winter. 
Inside a man and his wife lay in bed, both wide awake staring at the wall, despite it clearly being the middle of the night. 
[Camera] High arial show of a tall clock tower in the center of the town.
[Camera] Cuts to a shot of the clock tower from below looking up.
The clock tower chimes midnight. The man in his bed flinches.
[Camera] Cuts to the grand knight sitting on a hill overlooking the city, with his back against the tree. To his side lays a large circular shield, and he has a long wide sword laying across his lap.
In the square, there is a sound like rattling chains.
The Barghest eventually chooses three people, and at dawn the grand knight walks down the hill and back into the town. One of the people that the Barghest chooses runs but is unable to pass an invisible barrier. He slumps down against the wall crying.
Once in the town, people shoot the knight dirty looks. He comes across a group of people surrounding a shellshocked little boy. A crying woman, apparently the boys mother comes at him with a knife. The knight quickly disarms but doesn’t hurt her. He tells the people to send the boy out of the city. There is an orphanage a few miles east that accepts children from here. There is a chance that the Barghest curse might not claim its due outside the spell radius. With that, he shouldered his shield and entered a building a couple blocks around the corner.






