1
EXT. CAPITAL CITY. LATE MORNING
Alik 
2
INT. THE HOUSE THEY ARE STAYING IN. NIGHT
Camera looks down the hallway, towards the front door. The door opens, and an exhausted ATLAS walks in.
He is covered in blood and bent under the weight of his wings.
As he walks towards his room, he sees the door to ROSIES room open a crack, and a shimmering light is coming from inside. 
Atlas hesitantly pushes the door open.
Rosie is lying in bed asleep, but as she dreams, an impossible night sky opens above her in the room. 
The city is there, closer than it should be. 
The camera watches through the crack in the door from the hallway, as Atlas slides down against the wall, his wings unfurling on the floor.
He lets his sword be forgotten.

Naming convention
People from Dunamis have Greek sounding names.
Outline
Zenon lives in the atonement sector of Dunamis. 
He lives in a house with his mother and his younger brother Atlas.
A grand knight named Alik is assigned guardian of the sector after a terrible political mistake.

World

Dunamis is one of the seven holy city states.
It was completely crushed and disgraced when it tried to war the other six.
Dunamis maintains a population of ~100,000. 
The population of the atonement sector is ~800 – 1,200.

Ramblings
There is some sort of city in the sky. People go there when they die. No one knows why. Everything ends well, despite what happens in life.

When Atlas realizes what he is, there are 5 stages to his story.
Denial
Anger
Bargaining
Depression
Acceptance

Who is atlas as a character? Is he a struggle with his own humanity? Is he a selfless person who gives up their dream for the good of all? The devil’s favorite child, trying to get into heaven. Longing to be a part of a world where he can never go. His soul will be given back to him if he blinds the new eyes of the dreamer. Rosie sees things he can’t see anymore. 

Rosie saves the world, by changing Atlas. 

Season One Theme: Humanity, Feeling like a human

Season Two Theme: 

Season Three Theme: Change, feeling left behind by change