There are three city states
Dunamis (Names are traditionally greek sounding) (Gold/Yellow)
Gallia (Names are traditionally roman) (Red)
Brandburn (Names are traditionally english) (Purple)
The forgotten city (Americana) (Blue)
The final city (White)

The cities are in geographically in the appalachian mountains

Color Pallete
Gold Yellow = Alchemy = Immune Response
Deep Purple = Witchcraft = Infection
Red/Pink = Faith = Dreamer
Blue/Black = Dark Faith = Ralagore

The council of witches and men are the ruling body of the city states,
each city state has a Grand Witch and a Grand Knight

The Grand Witch of Brandburn is
a fire witch as is tradition in brandburn
The Grand Knight of Brandburn is
Aliks father, uses a clockwork suit of armor
The Grand Witch of Gallia is Evve
Evve specializes in living magic, she is known as the queen of moths
The Grand Knight of Gallia is
The head of a hammer pair, paired with his son
The Grand Witch of Dunamis is 
a witch with an affinity for the sea, sister to the witch who holds the atonement district
The Grand Knight of Dunamis is 
A 

Because witchcraft is an emotional art, every witch has an affinity which aligns with their temperment
Alchemy is the scientific art of creating magical substances. Eg: powders, potions. 
Alchemy is often paired with engineering to create magical weapons and tools

The crown jewl of technological advancement is the mainspring (name in progress). 
A mainspring allows infinite tension to be stored, and be released to power a clockwork device.
A mainspring also allows for physical and magical properties to be wound up and released alongside the tension.
A high quality clockwork device may be bound to two or more mainsprings, accessed seperately to release the properties wound up inside.
People argue if clockwork devices are of alchemy or witchcraft, but the truth is a closely guarded secret.
A mainspring is created through alchemy, and then removed from the dream by a witch while the bound device is kept in the dream.

Elements in contact with the blade of a clockwork sword while it is being wound up will be wound into the swords mainspring.
When the wound track is spun out, the elements will be released in backwards order of how they were wound in.
The faster the track is spun out, the faster and more intense the released properties will be.

It is common for great knights to wind their swords nightly, and to hold the blade over a flame.
A standard great knight sword has two mainsprings, and knights usually use one for fire, and one for unique properties. Eg: a lightning bolt, smoke, water ect.